Security specification (#264)
PrestaShop/prestashop-specs: content/1.7/back-office/advanced-parameters/Security/security.md

> Back office token protection - toggle - By default is enabled. Enbaled, the navagation in the back office can be done with a valid token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Back office token protection - toggle - By default is enabled. Enabled, a token is added in the URL during the navigation in the back office, if the token is invalid, it displays a warning with a message asking if the user really wants to display this page.
```
